Hello everyone and welcome to this new one
video today we are here with the unboxing the
review of the predator hicks record
x3 white edition as you can see
during the video, that was removed
because I had problems with
registration with the machine
photographic and therefore had to
record the video while I was
inserting the components inside the
crisis
having said that I wish you good vision
let's start then on the front
we can find the two USB 3.0 ports
the microphone output and the output of the
holes then laterally we have two LEDs
here and here in white and the two fans
controller that allows you to control
three fans each up here
we have the power button e
shutdown
now we're hearing the sound too
very nice sturdy as a button of
ignition and at the top instead we find it
door to insert the hard disks from
2.5 inches this is a rubber compartment
non-slip fitting for storage I do n't know
pennette and stuff varies and in the part
higher precisely we find one of the
much more things
most interesting of this series lx
predator that these species are
of flap wings I do n't know how you want
call them that you can lower or
raise through this lever and that
allow more precisely than the
air recirculation
speaking of air we have a fan
back 140 mm pre installed and one
in front of 200 with regard to
fans can be installed in general behind
we have support for a fan from
140 which would already be pre-installed or for
one of 120 we find here all the more
small on the top instead
here we can predict we have the
possibility to install one and 200 to 2
from the 142 to 120 on the lower part
instead we have the possibility
install one and a 140 one from 120
while frontally where we already have
that to 200 it is possible to remove it for
install them to install and from 120
while on the side panel at 32 both
from 120 to 140 and let's move on to the others
features this is the panel
side that made you see we have
this plastic note panel
very sturdy that allows precisely the
vision of components inside i
materials are I believe metal and metal
also beautiful it is often resistant and
the inside we can find the room for
for the power supply I've already dealt with
these are the masks to be removed
for expansion slots
the compartment for the motherboard e
laterally we find the rubbers
for the passage of cables of the
liquid cooling here and here
very beautiful the rubber is beautiful resistant
so even if we stress it back to
his place does not fold very well
on the other hand we find how you can
already see the cables that are threaded
precisely in other rubbers for the cable
management and that we have all along
this side is also below and am
really very comfortable i 'm there
really trying very well
instead we have the positive ni for
the readers I have already taken care of
then entrust it to a thread
al is called for easy closure
so you have to press and do this
click is instead at the bottom we have the
I also had these hard drive slots
already begun to insert these too
it was for an easy entry because
that's enough
let's say pincha re and pull out e
these come out and we put it back inside
let's start that it's perfect framed
let's move on to the cables we say it is at
various things supplied with this
black box that you will find threaded
water I believe we find straight wires
bari and vines but above all very much
important
we find this adapter here that
allows to use the two 3.0 ports in the
case that he did not have the possibility as
two ports and 2.0 and this is my case
because I still haven't received the
our mother then in the old one
I don't have the support of 3.0 and therefore
this accessory comes back to me very much
helpful
revenue space as you can
seeing a yarn the finger is enough
also according to this part of the hard
disk is really so beautiful centimeters
can not even I would not like inclined
so even an inch and a half is there
the space that runs the cables is
it is not enough of the major but it is
enough in my opinion then that tell you
this was obviously not the keys
you will see that all nice open
clean but for this there are images
of the official website e
noda di b there is nothing else then I greet you
with the former predator x3
hello everyone